Release notes - wix-billing-frontend (#2853)
wix-incubator/wix-code-docs: guides/release-notes.md

![Was this helpful, yes/no buttons](../media/feedback.png)

---
### Updated API: Wix Billing Backend

`wix-billing-backend`

> We updated the following functions in the [Invoices API](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices), of the[`wix-billing-backend`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/events) module.

Reviewer: Lead with a statement that we introduced a change to the locale object, and then go into what functions it affects.

![Was this helpful, yes/no buttons](../media/feedback.png)

---
### Updated API: Wix Billing Backend

`wix-billing-backend`

We made the following changes to the [Invoices API](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices):

 + Added a `locale` object to [`createInvoice()`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices/createinvoice). The `locale` object supports creating customer invoices to be displayed in custom languages.    

>  + Updated the list of supported IETF language subtags in the `locale.language` property returned by [`getInvoice()`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices/getinvoice).

Reviewer: Clarify here that the previous four-letter codes were not what was actually returned by the function, and that we've updated the list to align with the actual returned format.

>  + Adjusted the list of supported IETF language subtags in the `locale.language` property returned by [`getInvoice()`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices/getinvoice). The previous four letter language codes listed in the documentation were never returned in the `Invoice` response object. We have adjusted the listed codes to be correctly displayed as two letter language subtags.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 + Adjusted the list of supported IETF language subtags in the `locale.language` property returned by [`getInvoice()`](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-billing-backend/invoices/getinvoice). The previous 4-letter language codes listed in the documentation were never returned in the `Invoice` response object. We have adjusted the listed codes to be correctly displayed as 2-letter language subtags.
```
